README.md, before:


**[Instagram++ Download Page Here](https://github.com/JMccormick264/InstagramPP/releases)**

**[Issue Repo Here](https://github.com/eni9889/IG-PP-Issues)**

**[Changelog for Instagram++](https://beta.unlimapps.com/changes/com.unlimapps.gramplus)**

**Changelog**

10/27/2018

 - Updated Instagram+ to App Version: v68.0
 - Updated to Sideload tweak: v1.8r-195
    - ReGram and Reposting has been fixed in r-195.
 - Changelog [here.](https://beta.unlimapps.com/changes/com.unlimapps.gramplus) Sideload applies up to r-195

10/26/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version 67.0 (latest version that the tweak is compatible with)
 - Updated Instagram++ to tweak version 1.8r-194
 - Changelog [here.](https://beta.unlimapps.com/changes/com.unlimapps.gramplus) Sideload applies up to r-194 at this time.
 - **Note Reposting and ReGram does NOT work at the moment. Waiting for the fix to be pushed to sideload.**

7/24/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v55.0

7/17/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v54.0

7/9/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v53.0
 - Updated Instagram++ to Tweak Version: 1.8r-162

7/7/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to Tweak Version: 1.8r-161

7/6/2018

- Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v52.0
- Updated Instagram++ to Tweak version: v1.8r-159

12/22/2017

 - Updated Instagram to App Version v27.0

Credits:

 UnlimApps for making ppsideloader and the ++ tweak

 Me for making the sideloaded tweak into a IPA

Commit message:

Updated Instagram++ to latest app and sideload tweak version
Updated Instagram++ to App version: v69.0 and sideload tweak version: v1.8r-197

README.md, after:


**[Instagram++ Download Page Here](https://github.com/JMccormick264/InstagramPP/releases)**

**[Issue Repo Here](https://github.com/eni9889/IG-PP-Issues)**

**[Changelog for Instagram++](https://beta.unlimapps.com/changes/com.unlimapps.gramplus)**

**Changelog**

11/2/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v69.0
 - Updated to sideload tweak version: 1.8r-197
 - See changelog link at the top of the page for the changes. 

10/27/2018

 - Updated Instagram+ to App Version: v68.0
 - Updated to Sideload tweak: v1.8r-195
    - ReGram and Reposting has been fixed in r-195.
 - Changelog [here.](https://beta.unlimapps.com/changes/com.unlimapps.gramplus) Sideload applies up to r-195

10/26/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version 67.0 (latest version that the tweak is compatible with)
 - Updated Instagram++ to tweak version 1.8r-194
 - Changelog [here.](https://beta.unlimapps.com/changes/com.unlimapps.gramplus) Sideload applies up to r-194 at this time.
 - **Note Reposting and ReGram does NOT work at the moment. Waiting for the fix to be pushed to sideload.**

7/24/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v55.0

7/17/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v54.0

7/9/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v53.0
 - Updated Instagram++ to Tweak Version: 1.8r-162

7/7/2018

 - Updated Instagram++ to Tweak Version: 1.8r-161

7/6/2018

- Updated Instagram++ to App Version: v52.0
- Updated Instagram++ to Tweak version: v1.8r-159

12/22/2017

 - Updated Instagram to App Version v27.0

Credits:

 UnlimApps for making ppsideloader and the ++ tweak

 Me for making the sideloaded tweak into a IPA
